This is a side-project which is made for two types of people: Coding Creators and people learning to code.

The main features of this platform are:
1. Video-integrated Code-Editor: You will have a fully functional code-editor alongside the video from which you will be learning. Suppose you are solving the problem of 'Aggressive Cows' on LeetCode and you need help from a creator, you can directly search the problem on our platform, learn it, understand it and code it in parallel on the same page, saving you the hustle of switching tabs/windows continuously and allowing you to focus you only on the problem.
   The Code-editor will also have a file-saving system, which means you can save files upto a certain limit, so that you can return to them and edit it whenever necessary.
2. Open/Closed Rooms: Rooms will be a feature unique to this platform. This feature will allow you to create rooms, with limited people allowed to join, and you can code with them simultaneously. You will also be able to talk with your friends while inside the room. There will be a leader of the room and he/she will be responsible for allowing people into the room. Similarly, for the creators, rooms feature is available. They can create rooms, and allow as many people as they like, into the room. Suppose they want 50 people to join the room, after 50 people have joined, the room will be closed showing there are no vacancies/no seat left. As soon as someone leaves, the seat will be available instantly.
3. Follow Friends, Talk with them, build Communities, make Notes, ask AI(to be integrated) for your needs and who knows, on our platform, you can even meet your potential co-founder for your business idea. But, I can guarantee on thing, this platform will improve your productivity by many folds. No more distractions on YouTube, No more ads, No more searching for communities, No more searching for friends here and there, this will be your go-to-platform for your coding/development.
